Shinsei Kamattechan - Ruru's Livestream Suicide Show
On my way home, without friends
The sunset is sometimes kind
Amidst the data flying around
The city's Bluetooth destroyed me
Jumping into the Chūō Line
Being called a nuisance
She was always there
The girl went ahead and died
Even if you ask the FBI
You'll never know her message
She was always shouting
channeling to widen the night sky
I waltzed with a stray cat
Amidst the data flying around
The city's Bluetooth destroyed me
Jumping onto a UFO
It's not a phase mom, please listen
She was always alone
The girl went ahead and died
Even if you ask the FBI
You'll never know her message
She was always shouting
When I'm done studying for entrance exams
I'm a witch that talks with cats
I'll do a livestream suicide show and build a grave
Before this terrible feeling dissappears
Jumping into the Chūō Line
Being called a nuisance
She was always there
The girl went ahead and died
Looking down upon stupid humans
With the cats on a roof
She was always shouting
When I'm done studying for entrance exams
I'm a witch that talks with cats
I'll do a livestream suicide show and build a grave
Before this terrible feeling dissappears
Jumping into the Chūō Line
Being called a nuisance
She was always there
The girl went ahead and died
Even if you ask the FBI
You'll never know her message
She was always shouting
Shinsei Kamattechan
Ruru's Livestream Suicide Show
Those humans...
They're so stupid
Music Video: Rabbit MACHINE / Yurisa Ueda (SWEAT) / Serina Okamoto (SWEAT) / No.10 / suiko